Mode80 support (#10945)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/mode/eighty/readme.md

> # Mode Eighty

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Mode Eighty

![%KEYBOARD%](imgur.com image replace me!)

*A short description of the keyboard/project*

* Keyboard Maintainer: [%YOUR_NAME%](https://github.com/yourusername)
* Hardware Supported: *The PCBs, controllers supported*
* Hardware Availability: *Links to where you can find this hardware*

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make mode/eighty:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make mode/eighty:default:flash

See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).
```
Please fill this out.

# Mode Eighty

> ![MODE80](https://imgur.com/t/mechanicalkeyboards/8Uf6c2m?nc=1)

Reviewer 2: Puts a single image embedded in the readme, and links to the full gallery.

```suggestion
![MODE80](https://i.imgur.com/26uzM3yl.jpg)\
[Image Gallery](https://imgur.com/t/mechanicalkeyboards/8Uf6c2m?nc=1)
```

The Mode80 is a tenkeyless high-end keyboard sold by [Mode Designs](https://shop.modedesigns.com/).

> Keyboard Maintainer: [Gondolindrim](https://github.com/gondolindrim)
> Hardware Supported: proprietary PCB using STM32F072 controller
> Hardware Availability: You can get a Mode Eighty as of today (dec. 2020) through the in stock sales or special groupbuy editions at https://shop.modedesigns.com/
> 
> Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):
>     make mode/eighty:default
> Flashing example for this keyboard:
>     make mode/eighty:default:flash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Keyboard Maintainer: [Gondolindrim](https://github.com/gondolindrim)
* Hardware Supported: proprietary PCB using STM32F072 controller
* Hardware Availability: You can get a Mode Eighty as of today (dec. 2020) through the in stock sales or special groupbuy editions at https://shop.modedesigns.com/

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make mode/eighty:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make mode/eighty:default:flash

```

# Mode Eighty

![MODE80](https://i.imgur.com/26uzM3yl.jpg)\
[Image Gallery](https://imgur.com/t/mechanicalkeyboards/8Uf6c2m?nc=1)

The Mode80 is a tenkeyless high-end keyboard sold by [Mode Designs](https://shop.modedesigns.com/).

* Keyboard Maintainer: [Gondolindrim](https://github.com/gondolindrim)
* Hardware Supported: proprietary PCB using STM32F072 controller
* Hardware Availability: you can get a Mode Eighty as of today (dec. 2020) through the in stock sales or special groupbuy editions at https://shop.modedesigns.com/

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

>     make mode/eighty/M80S:m80s_default
> 
> Flashing example for this keyboard:
> 
>     make mode/eighty/M80S:m80s_default:flash
> 
> For the hotswap version, use M80H instead of M80S:
> 
>     make mode/eighty/M80H:m80h_default
>     make mode/eighty/M80H:m80h_default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    make mode/eighty/m80h:default # Hotswap
    make mode/eighty/m80s:default # Soldered

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make mode/eighty/m80h:default:flash # Hotswap
    make mode/eighty/m80s:default:flash # Soldered
```
